I have never had a feeling as pure a
proud as completing a mission all you
everything we've done in the last 17
years trying to make a difference only
never took it done
you've been found five times for your
country and you can't even afford to
send your kids to college I got a job
for you I'm retired fish I need a pilot
I got thinking baby now this can change
you in that baby's life forever we
finally get to use our skills for our
own benefit all right let's do it
[Music]
we're gonna get gabrielle Martina Luria
head of one of the biggest drug cartels
I've got estimates he's got over 75
million dollars in cash if we're not
gone forever after you make your move or
you're dead
you cannot go back to your normal life
after tonight you guys need to own the
fact what we're about to do is criminal
everyone to the office right now Jesus
Christ
regards their back we got to go all
right we can use take a backpack of cash
and we're gone no there's about a
hundred million dollar coin in the van
out there we are not leaving them any of
this funny what kills where it is here
we need to hunt quickly that's not what
I signed up for times though
it's a fact in there we totally masters
like that it wasn't just an OD as money
a lot more people are gonna come after
you you lie to us so we go through them
a little hard and you think it's going
to be
it's too late to walk away
[Music]
you